EWS mail sender inconsistent unauthorized error (#17661)
demisto/content: Packs/EWSMailSender/ReleaseNotes/1_1_5.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS Mail Sender

> - Fixed an issue where the ***test-button*** command failed inconsistent due to an unauthorized error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***test-button*** command would fail inconsistently due to an unauthorized error.
```

> - Fixed an issue where the ***test-button*** command would fail inconsistently due to an unauthorized error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***test-module*** command failed inconsistently due to an unauthorized error.
```
